there's things I know if I decide to
tell you could I be prosecuted I cannot
provide you with immunity but any
information you tell me about your
involvement in criminal activity would
be discussed in a favorable light with
the US Attorney's Office this involves
price fixing in the lysine business
there's no price fixing in the lysine
business now I have been in several
meetings with our Japanese and Korean
competitors over the last few months
where the sole purpose was to fix the
prices ADM made me go to those meetings
so if you figure out the price-fixing
thing I'd be the fall guy
he seems like a real good guy I hope he
doesn't mind me calling him Brian
instead of agent Shepard I might even
try Bry out this must be very different
for him I'm talking to a guy like me
instead of a bank robber or a drug
dealer I could see us fishing or
whatever what a good listener you'll
meet one of those every day